README.md, before:

# Steel City Data Crunchers' Final-Project, Group 31

Team Members and Datasets:

- ZIRUI LIAO ZIL99@pitt.edu (Aggregate Household Income, `notebooks/Income.ipynb`)
  - [Aggregate Household Income In The Past 12 Months Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-american-community-survey-2015-miscellaneous-data/resource/34842307-0da6-458a-9df3-a09ab3e3a489)
  - `datasets/income.csv`
- Dylan Feehan djf92@pitt.edu (Education Rates, `notebooks/education.ipynb`)
  - [Educational Attainment for the Population 25 Years and Over Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-american-community-survey-2015-miscellaneous-data/resource/12535b2e-6180-4cdf-b7d8-ec5294259e49)
  - `datasets/education.csv`
- Elias Benbourenane elb222@pitt.edu (Crime Rates, `notebooks/crime.ipynb`)
  - [Police Incident Blotter (30 Day) Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/police-incident-blotter)
  - `datasets/crime.csv`
- Kiernan Devane ktd17@pitt.edu (Public Transport Promptness, `notebooks/transit.ipynb`)
  - [Monthly OTP by Route Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/port-authority-monthly-average-on-time-performance-by-route/resource/00eb9600-69b5-4f11-b20a-8c8ddd8cfe7a)
  - `datasets/transit.csv`

# Overview

This repository takes a data-driven look at the datasets listed above in order to find the neighbourhood in Pittsburgh with the best money-making potnential.

Have a look at `final.ipynb` for the final report, or `notebooks/` for the submetric notebooks.

Commit message:

Added crime dataset description to README

README.md, after:

# Steel City Data Crunchers' Final-Project, Group 31

Team Members and Datasets:

- ZIRUI LIAO ZIL99@pitt.edu (Aggregate Household Income, `notebooks/Income.ipynb`)
  - [Aggregate Household Income In The Past 12 Months Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-american-community-survey-2015-miscellaneous-data/resource/34842307-0da6-458a-9df3-a09ab3e3a489)
  - `datasets/income.csv`
- Dylan Feehan djf92@pitt.edu (Education Rates, `notebooks/education.ipynb`)
  - [Educational Attainment for the Population 25 Years and Over Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/pittsburgh-american-community-survey-2015-miscellaneous-data/resource/12535b2e-6180-4cdf-b7d8-ec5294259e49)
  - `datasets/education.csv`
- Elias Benbourenane elb222@pitt.edu (Crime Rates, `notebooks/crime.ipynb`)
  - [Police Incident Blotter (30 Day) Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/police-incident-blotter)
  - `datasets/crime.csv`
  - The dataset holds all the police incident reports over a 30 day period. At the time of writing, the dataset's dates ranged from 03/04/2023 to 04/03/2023. The information that was used during data processing included: neighbourhood names of incidents and the category description of incidents.
- Kiernan Devane ktd17@pitt.edu (Public Transport Promptness, `notebooks/transit.ipynb`)
  - [Monthly OTP by Route Dataset](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/port-authority-monthly-average-on-time-performance-by-route/resource/00eb9600-69b5-4f11-b20a-8c8ddd8cfe7a)
  - `datasets/transit.csv`

# Overview

This repository takes a data-driven look at the datasets listed above in order to find the neighbourhood in Pittsburgh with the best money-making potnential.

Have a look at `final.ipynb` for the final report, or `notebooks/` for the submetric notebooks.
